Dog thing, don't you recognize me yet?
Emperor
You are not dead, Master Gu, what are you talking about?
The old Buddha has been practicing this tiger chapter for 37 years
Under the World
There is only one person who can take my palm and not die
Who was the Lord of King's Landing three years ago?
And little King's Landing three years later
He is the Lord of King's Landing
He's not dead at all.
What!
Xiao Junlin, he is the Marquis of Junlin
Can bear the palm of the grandmaster
There is only one Lord in the world
Xiao Junlin him
What if he Xiao Junlin is the Marquis of Junlin?
Master Gu, hurry up and kill him
He doesn't deserve to kill me
Assassinate people
Subvert the country
buy people's hearts
Manufacturing monopoly
What crime should Chu Yun suffer?
Xiao Junlin
You are talking nonsense.
You have no right to judge me, do you?
Leapfrog nuclear bomb
Emperor
Zhenbei Rongfu is here
All such orders
You can kill first and then play
Hu Yun
Do you think I am qualified to judge?